ANS 1 
I don’t think that DL will completely replace ML because DL is just a part of ML on large data sets.
There is no doubt that DL is more advanced than  ML but with that also comes high hardware requirements 
and I don’t think every organisation will be able to meet up the demands. 


ANS 2

Supervised learning-

  PROs-
  We have an exact idea about the classes in the training data.
  Supervised learning is a simple process for us to understand. In the case of unsupervised learning, we don’t easily understand what is happening inside the machine, how it is learning, etc.
  It is possible  to be very specific about the definition of the classes, that is, we can train the classifier in a way which has a perfect decision boundary to distinguish different classes accurately.

  CONs-
  Supervised learning is limited in a variety of senses so that it can’t handle some of the complex tasks in machine learning.
  Supervised learning cannot give you unknown information from the training data like unsupervised learning does.
  It cannot cluster or classify data by discovering its features on its own, unlike unsupervised learning


Unsupervised learning-

  PROs-
  It can detect what human eyes can not understand
  The potential of hidden patterns can be very powerful for the business or even detect extremely amazing facts, fraud detection etc.
  Output can determine the un explored territories and new ventures for businesses. Exploratory analytics can be applied to understand the financial, business and operational drivers behind what happened.

  CONs-
  As seen in above explanation unsupervised learning is harder as compared to supervised learning.
  It can be a costly affair, as we might need external expert look at the results for some time.
  Usefulness of the results; are of any value or not is difficult to confirm since no answer labels are available.


Reinforcement learning-

  PROs-
  Reinforcement learning can be used to solve very complex problems that cannot be solved by conventional techniques.
  The model can correct the errors occurred during the training process.
  Once an error is corrected by the model, the chances of occurring the same error are very less.

  CONs-                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Too much reinforcement learning can lead to an overload of states which can diminish the results.
  Reinforcement learning is not preferable to use for solving simple problems.
  Reinforcement learning needs a lot of data and a lot of computation. It is data-hungry. That is why it works really well in video games because one can play the game again and again and again, so getting lots of data seems feasible.
